What is going on gays and will come back.
So now here is one thing and that is if we want to create multiple post with this elementary can mass
then do we have to do this every time.
And we have to waste our time.
No I would say no.
OK.
What you can do that you can save.
This whole section.
OK.
And then you can work for this.
Let me show you how this is going to work.
OK so if you want to create a new post if I just come here and I want a quick post ok and then I'm going
to be adding this post to be naming disposed to be
iPhone X has a new has
hidden feature OK.
And I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to go down and I'm going to select TLM and Tori can mess OK.
And then I have to select it to be iPhone and I can also add some tags if I want to.
So I'm going to find us iPhone pull and I'm going to get.
And now what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish.
So you can see this is published right here.
And then here if I want to add that if I want to add the stuff here that doubt wasting my time in creating
this from scratch every time.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to grab this right here.
OK.
And what I'm going to do I'm just going to click add.
Sorry the save section.
So on saving this you can see it has a template name.
So my template name is going to be a blog.
OK.
And then dash in that I can name it anywhere.
So I'm just gonna add the header.
So a blog header you can name it and then you will have to do.
You have to use it save
so you can see it is free here.
OK.
And now what you have to do you have to just come here again and then you have to save this section
as well.
OK.
You have to just come here.
And then you have to hit save.
So this is going to be blog CTA which one's called to action.
Here's a call to action button that is going to take us down below.
So you can add blog CTA and then we're going to name it as Hetter.
OK.
So it is a blog here.
I'm just going to hit save and you can see that it will also be saved to the sex and right here.
What I'm going to do right now I'm just going to close this and then I'm going to hit save.
So now here what I have to do I have to just come here.
I need to assign a featured image so let's just use any of the imagery here.
So I think I'll just go with this one.
This one is a small image so this one OK and then I'm going to hit save said featured image and then
I'm going to hit update.
So now what I have to do I have just said edit for the elementary and it's going to take me to the elementary
age so it will take us to the elements for page and then let's see how we can edit this in just a minute
so you can see then Dow.
Wasting my time.
I'll just crabmeat from templates and then they will be right here so you can do it pretty well anything.
So if you don't want to if you're creating a custom footer Redoute these elementary it does.
If you don't want to use the ocean be before or you can create a custom footer and then you can assign
that to I'm just going to hit at a template OK.
And then I'm going to go to my template I just first need the blog header.
OK.
It's going to insert it and then I'm going to hit add a template.
I'm going to go to my template and then I'm going ahead blog.
So I'm going to hit insert OK.
This is right here.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to change the featured image so I'm going to come here to
this dialogue here.
I'm going to change that image.
So this image is going to be this one I'm going to hit insert media.
OK.
My end here should be my title.
So I'm going to change iPhone acts as a hidden feature iPhone X has a hidden feature.
Ok it it is iPhone 10.
OK I'm sorry I have to use that for next.
OK.
I'm just going to I'm here and I'm going to add a call to action so I'm going to change the call to
action to be reveal the feature.
So if someone says he's going to be taken down and here you can add your new section like if you want
to add.
So I'm just going to add a new section and I can add anything like here so I can also add a sidebar
here you can just to blockade the column and then you can add it but I don't want to add sidebar.
So I'm just going to add anything right here.
I'm just going to add that text editors of text editor
text editor let's drag and drop it from here.
So here you can add it I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to copy and I'm going to paste it.
So now here you can add a heading.
So here you can also add a drop cap if you want to.
OK.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save and you can see this is coming right here.
Here I have to add one more thing.
I'm just going to add it right here.
I'm going to paste it and you can see this is right here.
So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to save.
I also need to add the full array here so I can also just come here.
I can go down and I can just come here.
I'm just going to save it for a here and then I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit blog dash for
I'm going to be safe.
And there we go.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit save for a here and I have to just come here to add a template
and then I have to go to my template.
OK.
I basically need to refresh this or that it refreshes all the list.
Let's wait and that.
Here we go.
I go down and I have to hit add template and then I have to go to my template.
And then here it takes plugged Desch footer.
So I'm going to hit enter and here it go it is right here.
And let's see.
So we have this is how it's looking.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hate Savery.
Now and now here let's for you are at this page.
So I'm going to hit page and here we go.
It will take us to the beats you can see Eifel an X as has a hidden feature in this image is also matching
this.
I'm just going to hit this and you can see it will take me down.
OK.
I have done one thing.
I haven't assigned this as ID so I'm just going to come here and I want to click this and I want to
go to the advance section and I want to go to the C S.
Lisa this idea is going to be assigned as down.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save right now.
OK.
And I want to come here and I want to just come here and I want to rephrase this.
So here you go.
I x is a hidden feature.
I'm just going to click it and you can see it's taking me down.
So this is the feature that is going to appear.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
Now we are totally done with that website.
I hope you'll like it.
OK.
So you can see these all these forces are also added right now here.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And in the next video will be freaking up fed more than say.
I hope you like this Web site.
Thanks a lot guys.
And goodbye.